Hi, my name is Tom Doesburg and I am from Wellington, New Zealand. I studied music at university and then began a career in tech. I realised pretty quickly that the type of tech job I was doing was not for me, I was a passenger and I wanted to take control of my life. I stuck at it for a few years and then decided to quit my job and took a job working as a musician on cruise ships. I travelled all over the world getting paid for doing what I love, it was the good life. Nothing lasts forever and the band broke up, so I returned to New Zealand where I took another tech job and developed an interest in the dark arts of Software Development but also in UI/UX. Around this time I met my partner who is French. I ended up leaving my job and following her to France where I had to learn a new language and find a new job. Finding a job was tough, I realised that I didn't actually have any skills from my time working in tech. I eventually found an English teaching job, which was great, but I had decided during that search that I would one day return to tech with actual skills. This is where I am now, I am about to learn another new language, learn some useful, practical skills which will help me begin a new career in tech where creativity and technology can co-exist. I enjoy travelling, photography, meeting people and writing and playing music. I play a bunch of different instruments in an instrumental rock band called Hiboux. I like to keep myself busy and I look forward to getting to know all of you. I'm friendly but my French isn't very good so please say hello!